The first order of business would be to work more on the application itself. A proper settings menu
that does more than just the email notifications would be a great help, and so would making the
sections and what to do with them more readable. The search bar should also provide a drop-down
menu or other way of viewing different options rather than selecting the first result.

Next would be getting a database, having it hosted on a server, and getting the paid tier of the
Stock API to allow for as many calls as we need. This would be followed by advertising, posting it on
an app store, or getting an independent website for users to download it from. After that it's mainly
maintenance, which is being covered in another document.

The target audience for the app are people with an interest in crypto or stocks, but don't have the time
to invest keeping up to date on all the specifics. The app offers a quick and easy to use system that
displays relevant, customizable information. It probably wouldn't be as popular with veterans of the stock
market or people with no interest in it, but this kind of app is useful for casual users or ones trying to
get into the stck market.

As far as costs go, the first priority is a Stock API membership, which costs $75 per month.

Next is hosting a website. Shared or VPS hosting would probably work best for our application, since as a new
player in the industry you can't expect much traffic yet. This would cost somewhere in the range of $20-$80
per month. This could later be upgraded to dedicated hosting, which is a topic for the maintenance plan.

For advertising at conventions, the costs for the average 10x10 convention floorspace is around $15,000, which
isn't cheap. This kind of cost might be a bit outside the price range of a small project like this one starting
out.

For app store costs, the google play store is a meager $25 one-time fee for the ability to post as many apps as
you want. This is very manageable cost and probably the most cost-efficient way to get word out to users.
